# Project Structure and Code Design

Project Demo can be found https://pnicto.github.io/CSF364-Assignment-1/convex_hull.html

## Project Structure

The project has been structured as follows and the explanation of each directory is given below:

```
├── build
├── docs
├── external
├── include
├── md_docs
├── main.cpp
├── resources
└── src
```

-   **build** - This directory contains the build files generated by the `Makefile`. The `Makefile` currently can generate builds for both web and desktop applications.
-   **docs** - This directory contains the documentation generated by Doxygen. The documentation is generated in the `html` format and can be accessed by opening the `index.html` file in a browser.
-   **external** - This directory contains the external libraries used in the project. The external libraries used in the project are:
    -   **[raylib](https://www.raylib.com/)** - A simple and easy-to-use library to make games.
    -   **[emscripten](https://emscripten.org/)** - A toolchain for compiling to WebAssembly.
    -   **[raygui](https://github.com/raysan5/raygui)** - A simple and easy-to-use immediate-mode-gui library.
-   **include** - This directory contains the header files of the project.
-   **md_docs** - This directory contains the markdown files used to generate additional documentation using Doxygen.
-   **main.cpp** - This file is the entry point of the project and contains the main function.
-   **resources** - This directory contains the resources used in the project. The resources used in the project are:
    -   **[JetBrains Mono](https://www.jetbrains.com/lp/mono/)** - A free and open-source monospaced font.
-   **src** - This directory contains the source files of the project.

There are additional files in the root directory of the project, which are used for configuration and building the project. The additional files are:

```
├── Doxyfile
├── Makefile
├── minshell.html
├── package.json
├── pnpm-lock.yaml
├── README.md
└── run
```

-   **Doxyfile** - This file is the configuration file for Doxygen.
-   **Makefile** - This file is the build file for the project.
-   **minshell.html** - This file is the template for the shell used in the web application.
-   **package.json** - This file contains the dependencies for the development live server.
-   **pnpm-lock.yaml** - This file contains the lock file for the dependencies.
-   **README.md** - This file contains basic instructions for the project.
-   **run** - This file is used to run the project.

# Code Design

We have used Object Oriented Programming in this project, even though our external dependencies do not follow this paradigm (as they are written in `C`), because we felt that extending the project would be easier and make the project more maintainable this way. The implementation of JarvisMarch and KirkpatrickSeidel classes are done in their respective files as the code was easier to understand and maintain this way. Both of these classes extend the ConvexHullAlgorithm class and implement its `virtual` methods, which are then used in main.cpp. This way, any new algorithms can be added to the project by extending the ConvexHullAlgorithm class and implementing the necessary methods.

Apart from the algorithms, we have used the following two classes to help with the project:

-   Settings window had to be made into a separate class in its own file as it was too complex to have it in main.cpp with other GUI components. This class is responsible for creating the floating window and providing the user with more options like generating random number of points, controlling the time delay between each step of the algorithm, inputting points through a file, etc.
-   Timer class is used to create delay between each step of the algorithm. This was done to make the algorithm steps more visible to the user. This class uses raylib's `GetTime` function to decide if the delay has passed or not. It was made into a separate class to keep main.cpp more readable.
